Document passable records (#506)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/js-programming/far.md

`creatorFacet`, must be passable. All objects used in your contract's external API must
be passable.

### Rules for creating passable objects

> Record and tuples are hardened acyclical objects which can be passed-by-copy if they satisfy some constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record and tuples are hardened acyclic objects which can be passed-by-copy if they satisfy some constraints.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest changing "if: to "when".

#### Record

> A plain object where:

Reviewer 2: Change "where" to "for which"

- All property values must be passables.
  - Properties cannot be accessors.

> - All properties must be own and enumerable, with string names.

Reviewer 2: Would change "own" to "own (defined directly on the object)"

  - Symbols are not allowed.

>   - The prototype must be `Object.prototype` or `null`.

Reviewer 2: Change "The prototype" to "Its prototype".

- Nested records and tuples cannot form a cycle.
- It must be hardened with `harden()`.

#### Tuple

> A plain array where:

Reviewer 2: Change "where" to "for which"

- All property values must be passables.
  - Properties cannot be accessors.

> - All properties must be own, and be all the integers indexes or `length`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All properties must be own, and contain all the integers indexes up to `length`.
```

Author: Technically `length` is also an own property of the array, and the array cannot have non indexes properties (besides `length`). I know my formulation is a bit clunky, but I believe it is more correct, as "contain" doesn't preclude extra props. I would love to find better wording, but I think we should strive to keep it correct.

Reviewer: I couldn't parse "and be all the integers indexes or `length`."   Is the requirement that all integers up to `length - 1` must be present,  or only that nothing else is allowed, or something else?

Reviewer 3: I like @Chris-Hibbert 's suggestion. I'd add "No other properties are allowed" (unless that is already implied by the surrounding text).

Reviewer 2: "present" how? As indices? If so, specify that.

> - All properties must be own, and be all the integers indexes or `length`.

Reviewer 2: Would change "own" to "own (defined directly on the object)"

  - The array cannot have holes.

>   - The prototype must be `Array.prototype`.

Reviewer 2: Change "The prototype" to "Its prototype".

- Nested records and tuples cannot form a cycle.
- It must be hardened with `harden()`.

### Rules for creating remotables
- All property values must be functions. 
  - They cannot be accessors.
- You must wrap the object with `Far()`.

**Note**: ERTP objects, such as `Purses`, are automatically created as `Remotable`, as are

> `UserSeats` and `ZCFSeats`.

Reviewer: UserSeat should link to https://agoric.com/documentation/zoe/api/zoe.html#userseat-object
ZCFSeat should link to https://agoric.com/documentation/zoe/api/zoe-contract-facet.html#zcfseat-object
Purse to https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/api/purse.html
